added scaffolding guide (#90)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/guides/getstarted/scaffold-nextjs-anchor.md

```
◇  Successfully installed preset @solana-developers/preset-next@2.0.1.
│
└  Run `cd ./hello_solana-app` to get started.
```

type `pwd` to check if your path is correct, then type `code .` to open VSCode
inside the scaffolded project.

In your scaffold, five commands are waiting for you to execute whenever you
like. Type `npm run` to see all the commands available.

```
Scripts available in @counter-app/source@0.0.0 via `npm run-script`:
  anchor
    nx run anchor:anchor
  anchor-build
    nx run anchor:anchor build
  anchor-localnet
    nx run anchor:anchor localnet
  anchor-test
    nx run anchor:anchor test
  build
    nx build web
  dev
    nx serve web
```

To run any of these commands, type `npm run <SCRIPT_COMMAND>` , for example,
`npm run dev` to start the development server of your website or
`npm run anchor-test` to run tests on your scaffolded solana program.

## 3. Experience hands-on with scaffolds

### Anchor Program

Before starting, please initiate your project with git init to track the changes
you make. Here is what our directory tree looks like at the root of our project.

```
    hello_solana
    |
    ├── anchor
    │   ├── migrations

>     │   ├── programs
> 		|   |   └── hello_world
>     │   └── tests

Reviewer: [``](url)
```suggestion
    │   ├── programs
    |   |   └── hello_world
    │   └── tests
```

    ├── web
    │   ├── app
    │   ├── components
        └── public
```

Inside `anchor > programs > hello-world > src > lib.rs` , we can start writing
our instructions.

> To build this program execute `npm run anchor-build`; your IDL generated in the
> target folder. IDL is a spec similar to ABI in EVM environments. It describes
> how the JSON file will interact with a solana program. copy the address inside
> metadata from your `hello_world.json` to your anchor program
> `[lib.rs](http://lib.rs)` line 3 and paste your address there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this program execute `npm run anchor-build`. Your Anchor project will be built, and an IDL generated in the target folder. IDL is a spec that describes the instruction handler in your program and their arguments. Copy the address inside
metadata from your `hello_world.json` to the `program_id` section in your Anchor program's `lib.rs`.
```

Reviewer: > IDL is a spec similar to ABI in EVM environments. It describes
how the JSON file will interact with a solana program.

Please don't put EVM-requiring explanations before explanations that don't require EVM knowledge! Most people learning Solana will not know what EVM is.

Reviewer: Re:

> Copy the address inside
metadata from your `hello_world.json` to the `program_id` section in your Anchor program's `lib.rs`.

(I made this say `program_id`, before it just said 'line 3'.

Is this actually necessary? Why would the IDL have a different program ID?

You can now run anchor tests and check if your program is running successfully.

> 

Reviewer: Please search/replace anchor -> Anchor.

![Anchor Hello World Code Screenshot](/assets/guides/scaffolds/scaffolds---1-anchor-view.png)

```
    hello_solana
    |
    ├── anchor
    │   ├── migrations
    │   ├── programs
		|   |   └── hello_world
    │   └── tests
		|   |   └── hello-world.spec.ts
    │   └── target

>     │        └── idl

Reviewer: Please go through and fix all of these.

handles auto connects of solana wallet easily, you can move to multiple
components of your web application with the wallet states managed. This NextJS
app is using `[@tanstack/react-query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest)` for
fetch, cache, synchronize, and update server state in your web applications
easily. React-Query here is being used here for all the data fetching needs,
like hook for `useGetBalance` to get the balance of your wallet,
`useTransferSol` to transfer sol. Similarly, you can implement features you want
to fetch from RPCs. You can see react-query getting used here in the Account nav
as well.

![NextJS web Accounts view](/assets/guides/scaffolds/scaffolds---3-web-accounts-view.png)

This app also uses [`Jotai`](https://jotai.org), is used for global React state
management in your NextJS app. Our component stores the cluster and rpc
information, you can fetch it anywhere in your app and manage where the
transaction needs to be submitted.

![NextJS web Clusters view](/assets/guides/scaffolds/scaffolds---4-web-cluster-view.png)

Ideally, copy your generated IDL file or Types from the target folder after the

> anchor build and import it to use inside components to call instructions.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. 

1. `Ideally` - should we do this or not? 
2. `copy your generated IDL file or Types from the target folder` - should we copy only the IDL file, or the types file, or both?

Please clarify and provide the commands to copy. 

`anchor build` should be in backticks (``)

## 4. Bonus Solana tools

This is just a bonus section if you want to use more tools built by the solana

> community to ease your solana development, just be careful those might not be

Reviewer: Replace solana -> Solana

audited and/or maintained.
[Checkout Solana Tools Library](https://github.com/solana-developers/solana-tools)

Helpers by Solana Developers contains helper functions that can help you get an

> airdrop for testnet devnet, making Error messages by solana more readable and

Reviewer: Just `error`. Grammarly will help with this!

[a lot more](https://github.com/solana-developers/helpers?tab=readme-ov-file#what-can-i-do-with-this-module).

[Solana Wallet Names by Portal Payments](https://github.com/portalpayments/solana-wallet-names)

> can help you get solana wallet names liek .sol, .backpack and .abc etc.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can help you use Solana wallet names like `.sol`, `.backpack`, `.abc` etc.

```
